#Recent change notes

###0.4.3

- Loosing type annotation - `_id` field can be something another then ObjectId.
  Use assertions for consistent usage of one type for `_id` fields across objectory application.
- Objectory cache separated by collections
- Objectory cache made private, added public methods `clearCache(Type classType)` and `addToCache(PersistentObject obj)`

###0.4.2

- DbRefs removed. Pointers to linked objects use Manual pointers (plain ObjecId).
 That now works only for simplest case (ObjectId in property of top level object).
 List of pointers, pointers inside of embedded objects, and inside list of embedded objects 
 are broken for now. To support it new schema properties should be auto-generated

###0.4.1

- Property descriptors in autogenerated Schema classes. `Label` attribute

###0.4.0

- Several backward incompatible things (To be described)

###0.3.22

- Remove export directive for external dependenvies (bson and dart:async)

###0.3.21

- Domain model autogeneration from simple proto-model (models are backward compatible)
- Autogeneration of helper schema classes, for safe fields choosing for `find` and `findOne` queries
- Examples and test adopted for new features

###0.3.20

- Fix for [issue 65](https://github.com/vadimtsushko/objectory/issues/65). Added test testPersistentListWithEmbeddedObjects

###0.3.19

- BugFix in ObjectoryServerImpl, objectory server port changed in samples and tests to avoid conflict with pub serve

###0.3.18

- Update core dependencies to 0.10.0 and up

###0.3.16

- bugfix in ObjectoryServerImpl. Addressed [issue 64](https://github.com/vadimtsushko/objectory/issues/64)

###0.3.15

- `get` method added to objectory collection
- Objectory `addToCache` method made private 
- Quick tour somewhat updated
- Changelog moved to root in accordance with pub site preferences
- some refactoring in objectory initialization
- `fetch` method of PersistentObject returns future of itself now
- previously deprecated method `dbType` on PersistenObject removed
- `isFetched` getter added to PersistentObject (false for shallow proxy)


###0.3.14

- Bug fix: PersistentObject map setter was setting id to null
- Name change: Objectory datamapDecorator renamed to dataMapDecorator
- dataListDecorator added to Objectory 
- Package prepared to Dart 1.0

###0.3.13

- Upgrade for Dart SDK version 0.1.2.0_r29782. Gwt_Contacts sample is broken, waiting for fix in original 
dart-polyhmer-dart-examples
 
###0.3.12

- Port of polymer GwtContacts sample added 
- Bugfix to PersistentObject save method
- Many minor changes
- dbType deprecated, use collectionName instead.

###0.3.11

- Added datamapDecorator property to Objectory, so PersistentObject's data map may be substituted by arbitrary
map-like object upon creation. For example Web-UI application may configure Objectory to make PersistenObject observable by:
`objectory.datamapDecorator = (Map map)=>toObservable(map);` 

###0.3.10

- Bugfix and test for situation when save operation on PersistentObject without dirty fields (should be no-op)
actually set all its properties to null

###0.3.9

- Bugfix for issue https://github.com/vadimtsushko/objectory/issues/52. Case added in tests
- Tests refactored

###0.3.8

- Objectory now use field level updates (update with $set operator) by default. This shoud greatly reduses problems 
with concurrent updates. Old mode can be toggled by attribute useFieldLevelUpdate

###0.3.7

-Small changes in query builder. Better error handling in open connection 
(pull requests from kaisellgren and izaera respectively) 

###0.3.5-0.3.6

- Small changes, bugfixes in query builder


###0.3.4

- Bugfix for remove operation in objectory_server (was not implemented)

###0.3.3

- Upgrade for bson 0.1.5. json_ext dependenvy removed.


###0.3.2

- Query API supports AND and OR operators


###0.3.1

- Bugfix in WebSocket VM implementation.

###0.3.0

- Modelling API revamped. Classes in modelling designated by Type not by string names.
- Querying API revamped, more closely followed to mongo_db and mongo_dart patterns.

###0.2.2

- PersistentObject got getPersistentList method as preferred way to define List properties in models.  

###0.2.1

- match in QueryBuilder go named instead of positional parameters 
- where in QueryBuilder deprecated in favour of jsQuery
- range in QueryBuilder deprecated in favour of inRange
- test for match added
- test for jsQuery added

###0.2.0

- Client/Server communication moved from JsonExt to Bson (using new cross-platform version of bson)
- Bugfix on browser side - findOne still was using cache.

###0.1.9

- Change in dependencies - bson library separated from within mongo_dart 

###0.1.8

- Upgrade to Dart SDK version 0.5.0.1_r21823
- find() and findOne() always get objects from Db (If objects exists in cache they are replaced by fresh ones from Db) 

###0.1.7

- PersistentList inherit from ListBase. No more notimplemented methods and type warnings. 

###0.1.6

- Upgrade for Dart SDK version 0.4.7.5_r21658 (post M4)

###0.1.5

- Count() method implemented on all platforms

###0.1.4

- Upgrade for M4 changes
- Obectory server now does not log messages my default, verbosity switched by command line parameter --verbose

###0.1.3

- Bugfixes for PersistentObject methods: contains, indexIf, lastIndexOf
- save and remove methods returns Future (consistently with Objectory save and return)
- supported Dart SDK version 0.4.5.1_r21094

###0.1.0

- Support of dart:io version 2. (Stream-based).
- fetchLinks method of QueryBuilder (With it PersistentObjects in resultset of findOne and find prefetch linked objects)

###0.0.11

- Support for near and within geospatial queries in QueryBuilder (Thanks to Jesse https://github.com/FreakTheMighty)

###0.0.10

- Support for limit and skip operation in QueryBuilder.

###0.0.8

- Ready for M3, run in version 0.3.1_r17328

###0.0.7

- dart.js bootstrap file is moving to pub

###0.0.6

- Minor fixes
- Cleared all warnings from DartEditor
- Pubspec refers to dart_mongo from pub.dartlang.org
- Local_objectory_tests broken due to lawndart errors.

###0.0.5

- minor fixes
- sdk dependencies changed to pub.dartlang.org

###0.0.4

- Changes reflecting dart lib changes - methods to getters, such as Map.getKeys() and so on
